if you want to beat your competitors you
need to steal
their best keywords
hi everyone i'm neil patel and today i'm
going to break down one free tool to
steal your competitor's best keywords
that you'll be able to rank
before we dive into this free tool and
how you can use it make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
so i want you to use the traffic
analyzer report on ubersys so go to
ubersets.com or neilpatel.com
ubersuggest and put in a competitor url
if you don't know a competitor search
for any keyword you want to rank for and
your competitors are there on page one
and then that traffic analyzer report
you'll see the traffic your competitors
getting their top pages and even the
keywords that they're ranking for look
at the keywords report this will show
you all the keywords that your
competitor is getting traffic from
and now look for the keywords with
decent search volume ones that are at
least 200 searches a month if not a
thousand plus searches a month and
ideally have a seo difficulty score of
less than 40 or 50. these are keywords
that are easier to rank for that you can
get results quickly versus waiting six
months or a year for
and then what i want you to do is start
creating content around those keywords
also i want you to use this similar
websites report to identify websites
that rank for similar keywords compared
to your website and other competing
websites so we do the similar websites
report on uber says you can end up
seeing all the websites that rank for
similar keywords to yours
because these sites are also going for
the same keywords that you're going for
that report also shows you all the
keyword opportunities these are the
keywords that they rank for that you
don't rank for
look at those keywords take them and
look for the ones that are relevant
enough for you to go and create content
around now at this point you probably
have hundreds if not thousands of
keywords like neil
i don't have time to create all this
content
i want you to group them into buckets
for example if i had a website on dog
food i would put ones related to
miniature dogs and dog food for them dog
food for dogs that are overweight i
would talk about um organic dog food and
i don't have a pet so i don't know much
about dog food but you get the point
right you want to bucket them together
maybe some are away some weight loss
some are based on weight gain some are
based on organic
and then i want you to take some of
those keywords and pop them into the
keyword ideas report within ubersuggest
there's actually a button there that
shows you which keywords you can rank on
page one for you just pop in your url
and it'll help filter out those keywords
and tell you which ones you actually
have a shop for today and create content
around them
when you do this
you'll then start creating content that
you can get results for in the short run
versus waiting months from now or years
from now
in addition to that what i want you to
do is focus on
specific topics relate to your industry
so let's say if i was creating a digital
marketing blog i wouldn't just talk
about digital marketing i may focus on
seo first and create content only around
seo then after i've hammered down all
the seo topics without regurgitating
myself and without repeating the same
content because you don't want multiple
articles on the beginner's guide to seo
because all that'll do is confuse google
on which page to rank
and once you do that what you'll find is
google will see authority within that
niche and then you can expand to email
marketing articles and then you can
expand to conversion rate optimization
articles then you can expand into
articles really around paid ads for
google and then paid out articles around
uh facebook ads
and eventually you could have a compass
all of digital marketing but by focusing
your efforts you'll be authority within
your niche so then as you start creating
more and more content you'll rank for
head terms in your niche without having
as big of a domain authority or as many
backlinks as a lot of the competitors
that are already ranking that's how you
also beat sites like wikipedia you don't
need more backlinks or domain authority
than them you just need to be the
authority within your niche if you do
that you'll be able to steal traffic
away from your competitors and rank
better if you want my team to just do
this for you
make sure you check out np digital my ad
agency if you have any questions when
you're doing this leave a comment below
and i'll answer and help you out if you
enjoy the video like it share it tell
people about it thank you for watching